well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so first let me start off by
saying I'm doing this video under duress
I don't like giving people who use this
kind of rhetoric additional buzz about a
whole lot of people send me messages
about it mainly because I think they
understood that yeah this is a perfect
example of what I've been talking about
it is it is but I really didn't want to
highlight it because I don't like
helping them achieve their goals which
is to be sensationalist
and incite people and stuff like that
but I've noticed it's been trending on
Twitter for like two days now so my
silence isn't really gonna help anything
so what happened there was a campaign
promise made a campaign promise and we
know how often those come to reality
from there ben shapiro creates this
straw man and then uses a slippery slope
to create a false dilemma the idea at
the heart of it is that exposing
children to something in an academic
setting will cause them to emulate it
whatever he doesn't believe this any
more than i do i'm certain that there is
no objection from shapiro to the school
board over learning about the Donner
Party he knows that this isn't true and
the sideline of it is that somehow the
schools will undo the values you've
instilled in your children I'm certain
that there are behaviors in the schools
and society in general and on TV that he
does not want his children emulating if
you think that those influences are
going to alter the values you instill in
your children and they're gonna
undermine them that says a lot about how
you instill those values and how well
you instill those Valley
and then there's the idea at the heart
of this that somehow people choose to be
gay we're just gonna skip right over it
act but suffice it to say there's a
little bit of evidence that suggests
otherwise
mountains of it okay so the original
campaign promise was something pretty
benign I didn't go look it up I think it
was something like if a religious
institution had an anti-gay curriculum
they would lose their tax-exempt status
or something like that a religious
school by the time the slippery slope is
over no joke there are armed men at the
door coming to take in Shapiro's
children this is the scene he creates no
exaggeration at which point he says at
that point I only have two options and
that's to leave the country or pick up a
gun okay
so somebody who prides himself on being
an intellectual I guess homeschooling
isn't a thing that doesn't exist or how
about you use the mechanisms outlined in
the Constitution to challenge an
unconstitutional law because here's the
thing I think it would be great if
bigoted organizations lost their
tax-exempt status I think it would be
fantastic but I know that would never
never make it past the first appeal that
would get struck down immediately the
state cannot impose an ideological
purity test on a church that's not gonna
happen it's not gonna happen so this
whole thing is based on something that
would never actually occur it can't
happen
but where haven't I been just saying
that he chose to incite people you know
what he could have said was you know
politician X doesn't even understand the
Constitution he made this stupid
campaign promise this would be a good
reason to get out and vote though so we
don't have to go through the court
battle that's it that's the responsible
coverage of this it's not going to go
anywhere but instead he chose to incite
people chose to scare people chose to
fear monger and he used that rhetoric
I'm gonna get my gun okay then what what
happens next
let's follow your slippery slope let's
follow your chain of events armed men
come to the door and you meet them at
the door the outcome of that is one of
two things neither of which is good for
you or your children this is horrible
this is horrible and and Ben you don't
strike him him as a warrior and right
now there's a whole bunch of people out
there going ah he insulted his manhood
no I didn't know I didn't the ability to
harm people in combat has nothing to do
with masculinity the problem is in the
United States we think it does it
doesn't that statement should be no more
of an affront to his manhood than saying
man I don't think you're a farmer I
don't think you're a fisherman I don't
think you're a painter
that's a profession and yes by saying
you're gonna meet them at the door where
they have a hundred and eighty degree
fill to fire on you I'm pretty sure it's
not your profession
but it's a tough-guy rhetoric I feel
like it's important because it drives
clicks because people have lost what
masculinity really is and at the end of
the day what's the takeaway from his
message schools are the problem pick up
a gun how irresponsible is that in this
day and age with everything going on
this this is your this is what you use
your platform for schools are going to
do this pick up a gun you should be
embarrassed I'm embarrassed for you it's
not the solution this is it's not even a
problem this is never gonna happen
but you're out there inciting people and
somebody somewhere takes what you say
seriously you have a responsibility to
your audience
I guess it's not going to be you that
pays the price forward though
it's not an idea that violence is always
the answer it's not it's a tool like any
other and it's like if you're trying to
fix your house and the only tool you
have is a hammer yeah you can drive a
few nails maybe fix a few items but if
you keep trying to use that one tool
you're gonna destroy your home and
that's what's gonna happen here because
people just can't behave responsibly
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night